Privacy policy
1.	Introduction
1.1	We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our service's users, and the service's data.
1.2	This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our service's users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.5	In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" always refer to the entity operating this service. For more information about us, see Section 13.
2.	Credit
2.1	This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com/free-legal-documents/privacy-policy).
You must retain the above credit. Use of this document without the credit is an infringement of copyright. However, you can purchase from us an equivalent document that does not include the credit.
3.	How we use your personal data
3.1	In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)	the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)	in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)	the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)	the legal bases of the processing.
3.2	We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your connecting IP address, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, access paths of individual API invocations, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is the access log generated by a reverse HTTP proxy, and possibly any error logs from the application itself. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3 We may process the request data sent on every request to the service, including the requested channel name, and any optional query parameters. The source of the data is directly from the individual sent request. The data may be processed for the purposes of being able to send a response to the given request, based upon the given request parameters and data. The legal basis for this processing is your our legitimate interests, namely being able to process your request.
3.4	We may process and store data about individual Twitch chat channels that includes their name, the last time of access to that channel's messages, and whether the channel is ignored. The source of this data is data saved on incoming HTTP requests, as described in 3.3. This data may be processed for the purposes of operating the service properly. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely being able to operate the service properly, and to be able to purge data not accessed for long times, and to store individual user's optout status.
3.5 We may process and store individual messages received on Twitch chat channels, which can only include data also otherwise available publically (e.g. readable in a public Twitch.tv chat channel). The source of this data is messages received from the Twitch.tv chat servers at `tls://irc.chat.twitch.tv:6697`. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of our users. Messages are only collected from a channel, if a user of this API requested to be sent the messages from that Twitch.tv chat channel previously, or if the owner of the Twitch.tv chat channel explicitly gave consent via an in-chat mechanism.
3.6 We may process and store data about messages sent to the `#recent_messages` Twitch.tv chat channel, as well as data sent via a Twitch.tv whisper to the `recent_messages` user. The source of this data is messages received from the Twitch.tv chat servers at `tls://irc.chat.twitch.tv:6697`. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, to be able to provide you with optin and optout mechanisms to control your data processing consent.
3.9	We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.10	We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.11	In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.12	Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us.
4.	Providing your personal data to others
4.1	We may disclose the channel names you specify in incoming HTTP requests to the chat servers of Twitch.tv (https://twitch.tv) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of being able to operate the service and listening to incoming messages on that Twitch chat channel.
4.2	Your personal data is held in our databases, stored on the servers of our hosting services providers identified at https://www.netcup.de/
4.4	In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5.	International transfers of your personal data
5.1	In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2	The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Germany.
5.3	Twitch.tv, and the chat servers of Twitch.tv are situated in The United States of America. Transfers to this country will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/privacy-policy/
5.4	You acknowledge that message data, which may include personal data from you, may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6.	Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1	This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2	Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3	We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a) Message data (individual messages sent to a Twitch.tv channel) will be kept for a minimum period of 3 days following the date of the last access to that channel's messages, and for a maximum period of 3 days and 30 minutes following that date.
(b) Data about individual channels, as described in 3.4, will be retained for a minimum period of 1 week following the date of the entire shutdown of the service, and for a maximum period of 1 month following that date..
(a)	Usage data will be retained for a maximum period of 1 week following the date of collection;
6.4	Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.5 If you wish to not have the messages collected from your channel, to blacklist (ignore) your channel from the service in the future, and all existing message data for your channel to be deleted, you can issue your explicit optout via written request to one of the contact options below, or by following the instructions on https://www.twitch.tv/recent_messages (sending a chat message to an automated optout system)
7.	Your rights
7.1	In this Section 7, we have listed the rights that you have under data protection law.
7.2	Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)	the right to access - you can ask for copies of your personal data;
(b)	the right to rectification - you can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data and to complete incomplete personal data;
(c)	the right to erasure - you can ask us to erase your personal data;
(d)	the right to restrict processing - you can ask use to restrict the processing of your personal data;
(e)	the right to object to processing - you can object to the processing of your personal data;
(f)	the right to data portability - you can ask that we transfer your personal data to another organisation or to you;
(g)	the right to complain to a supervisory authority - you can complain about our processing of your personal data; and
(h)	the right to withdraw consent - to the extent that the legal basis of our processing of your personal data is consent, you can withdraw that consent.
7.3	These rights are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. You can learn more about the rights of data subjects by visiting https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/.
7.4	You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, using the contact details set out below.
12.	Amendments
12.1	We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
12.2	You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
12.3	We may notify you of changes to this policy by adding a informational statement to https://github.com/robotty/recent-messages/blob/master/README.md
13.	Our details
13.1	This website is owned and operated by Ruben Anders (https://twitch.tv/randers).
13.4	You can contact us:
(a)	by whisper to https://twitch.tv/randers;
(b)	by creating a issue at https://github.com/robotty/recent-messages/issues;
(c)	by sending an email to the email visible in the image under this link: https://i.imgur.com/MwQ68pg.png.
